DSL documentation changes (#266)
player-ui/player: docs/site/pages/content/dsl.mdx

### Templates

> Templates are included via the `@player-ui/dsl` package. This can be used in any asset slot:

Reviewer: I think `@player-tools/dsl` is the correct package. https://github.com/player-ui/tools/blob/main/language/dsl/BUILD#L4

Author: It seems both export `Template`. However, only the the one exported by `@player-ui/dsl` is ok to receive a `MakeBindingRefable`:

<img width="1143" alt="Screenshot 2024-01-12 at 8 09 47 AM" src="https://github.com/player-ui/player/assets/26394217/f2c459bb-0f2a-49e7-9cb1-954f54e88df3">

<img width="1909" alt="Screenshot 2024-01-12 at 8 09 28 AM" src="https://github.com/player-ui/player/assets/26394217/9850d88e-da7d-47ae-a3f7-d76189a7afaf">

```tsx
import { dataTypes } from '@player-ui/common-types-plugin';
import { makeBindingsForObject, Template } from '@player-ui/dsl';

const schema = {
  foo: [{
    bar: dataTypes.StringType,
  }],
};

const bindings = makeBindingsForObject(schema);

<Collection>
  <Collection.Values>
    <Template data={bindings.foo}>

>       <Text>currentItem._index_.bar: {bindings.foo._index_.bar}</Text>

Reviewer: For clarity I wouldn't include player syntax for the text. Maybe just:

```suggestion
      <Text>The current item is: {bindings.foo._index_.bar}</Text>
```
